[Grey] So Brady, we've been away for a while. What have you been up to during our little hiatus?
[Brady] This is the big question. I've been eating a lot of junk food. No, I'm not fat. I'm not fat. But it doesn't really count. What are they? What are they eating?
[Grey] That's a good question. I have been eating a lot of junk food over the past several weeks. That is not good. And I don't know what it is. What are they? What are they? It's like, I swear to God, the amount of sugar that I have consumed over the past several weeks. It's it's ridiculous. It's like I can't believe that what is occurring in this world is so similar to what was occurring before my calorie counting started. I have not eaten a single candy since my first time like that. That was my first experience with this. There was no like, no candy. Nothing in the house. It was just all like the dieticians like there was nothing to eat in the house. And I swear, like when my wife brought home from dinner, she was brought some cookies from like, some cookies from a candy company. Yeah, that's what was in the fridge like I had no idea what it was. And so I swear that the the little bit of a sweet candy was wasn't half bad. It was nothing like that. It was a kind of like a triangle. I had a difficult childhood because I was so sugar intolerant. That's why I am so curious to hear what is the true story behind the term. And what is the speculation of what is occurring with me? But anyway, so I think about it. Now, one of the one of the consequences of my dietary, and particularly since my last visit, is that I have been getting a lot of really good advice from people in my life, who who who want to give me good advice. And because of that, I think I have ended up in the same kind of thing like sort of like, Yeah, I've been like a few people, and I've been getting a lot of really good advice. And people who tell me, Oh, you should try this and this and the flip, I've been getting a lot of really good advice. And I've ended up in the same kind of place. And I've been like, I've been on like a holiday and I've been on a few walks and my body just feels so full of sugar, and carbs and proteins, and proteins and things like that. That's what I've felt the last couple of weeks is like, my body's like, this is a machine designed to, to eat the exact foods that it is designed to eat. And I've been unable to get a better grip on those. And so I've been like, I've been really aware like, you know, since the since the since the points that I've been having these problems with sugar, like I've been pretty terrible with food, and it's like, I've been like, I've been a like a bear, a little bit out of balance. And now that I've been in this position where suddenly I'm thinking, like, maybe I'll rewind my diet to try to get down to the healthiest version of the possible highs. And I don't know, maybe I'll get there in the middle or I'll be so fat that it will never go right again. But I've been like, I've got to try this. This is what I've been doing for the last month was like, I've been to the point where I'm thinking well, this is the point where I can feel like I've made a decision. I have to say, though, my wife does come back to me a little bit and says, You're not eating enough. And I can see like, I've been like, Let me tell you why I'm doing it. And I've been eating a bit, but I think that's sort of just because I'm eating quite a bit. I was like, Okay, I need to do this. And I find myself eating like this, like, this triangle of sweet. It's like, I can feel my muscles tensing up, because I know that my body is not designed to. And maybe I'm doing this because I know that my body is not designed to do this.
[Brady] I can see it's the exception and maybe it will be the exception and people will say, Well, you should go to China. But to me, it's the rule of thumb. I mean, I know you're a pretty smart guy. And I know you're, you know, you're, you know, you're pretty intelligent. I mean, you can have people who are really, really stupid. But you're also a pretty smart guy yourself. So I think, I think that's kind of, that's kind of the rule of thumb. I think that's the way it should be. That's the way we should go. But it's the exception. And I think I should go to other places in Asia and in some other parts of the world. But I am pretty happy with the fact that I've now got this extra world of travel that I enjoy. And I think it gives me a greater understanding of people and culture and maybe better understanding of those who think they know everything and have everything. I think it's a good rule of thumb. I think we should be applying the same thing to people when we travel, whether or not they know it's a country that they're going to go to. And whether or not they're you know, are willing or can't you see them? Are they the same? I think that's the rule of thumb.
[Grey] I guess I would say no, because I don't have to actually go to any of those places. I think it's it's best if you know exactly who the people are and where they're from and what their country is, you know, I don't I don't need to go to China to to to travel to China, right? I can just travel to any other place in the world. I understand that point. And so I think that that's a good rule of thumb. I would say yes to that, that if, if China and another place on earth is on your list, or you're trying to get to China, then you should do that. But I, I don't think that that's the case. So I think that that's I think that's a that's a case of you want to go to a place And you know, it's going to be a great trip. I don't I don't think that it's it's not the case. I think if China and another place on Earth is on your list, then you should do that. But I I don't think it's it's mandatory.
[Brady] It's a good rule of thumb. And I can see why it's the case and why it's the case. But I do think and you know, I'm the same I've been going to China for 10 years and I've never once been to China without some of the most intense experiences of my life. Right. And I can honestly say that it changed my life. For the better.
[Grey] I honestly think that that's a fair statement. I do. I do feel that there's a there's a certain kind of, of experiences that I have that I have been through where I have been, I have been more and more I have been more conscious of, like, is this a good place to go? Or is it not a good place to go? I know. I've been to places where I've been like, I've been to places where I know, like, I can recognize a lot of the people and the feeling of the people and I have a much better sense now. Of what's good and what's not. And I think that's had a kind of a interesting experience this time is like, I have been to two places in China, and I have been to the other place. And I've been to the third place, and I have been to the fourth place. It's been just a couple of days. But I have been aware that my brain is getting much more wired into the places that I go. And I'm now aware of the when I get bored in a place, like if I'm walking around, and I see people walking around, like I'm very interested, because I'm interested, but I can't help but notice that when I get bored in a place like if I'm in a restaurant, and I see people ordering food, or if I'm in a hotel, if I'm in a hotel, and I see the people ordering food, like my brain is always looking at those people, like, I wonder what's going on with that? Is that other people? Is that is that me? Is that the eating? Is that the drinking? Is that the levels of wealth that you're describing? I would say no, but it's, it's a different thing, because I'm travelling so much.

[Brady] So Grey, should I talk about the new project I was discussing with you earlier?
[Grey] Yeah, I was Yeah, okay. The one the one that I was talking about is we've been talking for a while about the Scottish independence referendum. And I was I was trying to make this as clear as possible to you.
[Brady] Because I was talking about it last time. I was trying to sort it out as well. Hmm. And I've come to this point. Because I've done it again. I've done it again. And I found it interesting to note that you always seem to be very detached from the Scottish independence referendum. Like, for example, you sent me you sent me a little bit about it and why it happened and how it happened. And I just wanted to point out, you're talking about it now, but last time I was I wasn't talking about it in the context of what's going to happen. That's what I was talking about.
[Grey] Yeah, that's that's that's why last time, I didn't talk about the stuff that I was talking about. And I was I was actually kind of hoping that you would you would explain the situation to me, because last time, when we were talking about, oh, the Scottish independence referendum, it was a very interesting experience for me to be living in the UK, where it seemed like one of the sides that was most united behind the idea of Scottish independence. And I was originally trying to make the case that this is what I would want to do. But it turns out those are who are Be able to vote on changing this so easily and so easily and so easily that the Scottish independence people came out with a constitution that they want to put into the constitution. And so they had a referendum on changing that constitution. And I was like, I'm not saying that I want to talk about that. But it's a topic I have been thinking about for a long time and ever, and I just I really want to talk about it and I find it incredibly frustrating. But let me talk about why I think it's it's happening and why I think it's going on and what I think is going on and what I think is going on and i'll be very talk about my neighborhood in the UK, because this is where I live. But
[Brady] you know, in the US, the the vote totals for President are quite close in the states. And I think it's pretty much 5050 or 5150 about, on average, you know, what's the difference between states and the national elections? I think it's pretty close, maybe the first past the post or plurality vote on a candidate winning in one of the states is about 5050 with the national elections.
[Grey] Yes. Or plurality, the national elections, depending on what state you're in. So I think you can pretty much say that the national election is a kind of first past the post or plurality vote on national ballots. But here's the thing, like I don't I don't like to say these things out loud. But I believe that the way the rules are in the national election system, is that if the parties have a disagreement over how the rules should be set up, the one group that they don't agree to, the national election should be decided by the state. I think that's the way it should work. There should be, there should be some mechanism for disagreement between, like the two houses. But anyway, so I don't I don't like to say these things out loud. But I feel like I have been thinking about this for a long time.
[Brady] I mean, I don't want to be too. I kind of like the sound of it. And I could see how, and I could see how, I mean, I don't I don't know if you feel this way. But I suspect that you would. And I've been having a think about it and thinking about it a bit. And I've now got a bit of a think about how what's going on with the Australian system, and maybe it's different to the way it's worked in the United States. But I think I've, I've had two Eber rides where I've been thinking about the system and where it's been controlling my vote and where I should go but I've also been having a think about like, what do I think about the Australian system and I think that I think the things that are happening and the people who are getting their votes or the people who are about to get their votes, aren't are not fair, and I don't think the rules should be changed. And I don't know whether you feel that or whether you would agree with me or not. But
[Grey] I would say I would agree with you. Right. I think the the system is it's two parties. We have a national level government, making decisions. And we have individual voters who are choosing to go and meet in the national election. But I think that the system is sort of like five or six things at once. And I don't I don't necessarily think that it's better or worse than the way things are in the past. But I, I'm very much in favor of the system that is. So that's
[Brady] the big difference. The problem is, and this is this is what I mean, the problem is, is all these tiny little tiny little tiny little bits of a problem, like, like, a lot of the things that are at play here, do relate to the bigger picture, or do they relate to more you know, the issues at hand? Because, you know, if we're going to have a say, a vote of the majority of the voters, and we're going to have say, oh, and by the way, here's a nice, different way of voting. And you know, there are different ways of doing it. And sometimes it can work well, to say, look, if this is the way we're doing it, and this is how we've always done it, and by the way, this is how we always done it, and we never sound like the bad guys. But that's because by the people we're electing, and we're not going to be saying that this is the best way to run things. Like, I know there are different ways of doing it. But that is at least where the problem is. And that's how we end up with these tiny little bits of problem that just tickle the surface and make us Look like a bit, and then we go off and have a big fight about how best to vote how best to vote, rather than a problem that's about, you know, well, everyone's got their own problems. And that's why we have this problem. Like, you know, there are these little minor skirmishes that happen every once in a while that people can get involved in and trouble that people can get involved in. But this, this little bit of a push to have a different voting system, rather than, you know, having a say in the general election, or voting on a referendum that has more meaning, rather than a problem that's about to happen. There are a few things that happen each time that people can get involved in and trouble that can snowball
[Grey] up. This is again, first past the post, no votes, and I know that people want to talk about other systems, but I, I think that that is a thing that is just so different from what's going to happen. I don't think that that is going to happen. And I also I don't think that it's going to happen as soon as I don't think it has the same kind of effects that a direct runoff system has. But I don't know I don't know how the system works. So I'm just
[Brady] saying it's this competitor to the current system.
[Grey] Yeah, that's that's exactly right. It's this is what you want. But I think that's what I think is that, that the problem that happens is, is that it's easy to get people to agree with the current system, even though like, I think in a perfect world, like I'm pretty convinced that the the current system is better. But because it is very much a case of example of like, it's easy to get people to agree on things even when they don't seem to agree and like it's done well, in many ways. But I think that the the the current system is just so easy to fall into the sort of trap that you fall into of the same bias, the same sort of things. And so that's why I think that that's, that's my concern is like, I don't think this is gonna be a thing that's really great. But I don't think it's a good system. And I don't know. I don't know how this is. I don't think it's very good. Can you elaborate on that?
[Brady] Well, that's an interesting question. I mean, obviously, we have an example of a system that's worked very well in the United States called the Senate, which is the, the body of representatives that, you know, the people to a whole bunch of different states send a representative, which is basically the same but in very many ways, different states. And there are three major problems that are basically the same. And I'm sure I've you know, I'm sure you've seen the example of what I mean. But in the US, the Senate, the majority of the Senate, the whole, the whole thing, is held up as this kind of piece of the federal government. And there are two other branches of the government. There are two that are at the very end they have the senate, the Senate of the United States is composed of several members of the Senate, the so called, the near senators, and the so called, the super senators, which are the members of the Senate, the majority of whom are appointed by the president. And the two other ones are the ones who are the same, they have the same people. But they are appointed, or the senator is appointed from the so called, the state of the union so they are not elected directly. They are appointed from the senate, which again is a little bit like the Senate of the United States. But there are three branches, the senators, the majority of whom are appointed by the president, and the super senators are appointed by the president. And I'm obviously a bit of a files.
[Grey] Yes, yes. Yes. So like, you know, I've seen this in a few countries. I mean, obviously, the the, the, the whole idea of the United States is I'm just talking about the system that actually exists in the United States. But what is the actual relationship between these three branches? Does it work? Or does it not work? It's interesting, because in the, in the US, I'm pretty sure there is a, is a bit of a one way system, because the president appoints one to two Senators each year, and the senators, the majority of the time, they are just appointed by the President. But they are not elected directly. They're just appointed, they're appointed to the part of the Senate where they're supposed to be. And, and so there is this whole little, this whole little system about, I'm going to appoint the President to the part of the Senate where we are most likely to be across a whole bunch of the votes or the like, Oh, we're most likely to be here, where we're least likely to be. And I will just put the President appointmentee in that role. And I will put the Senate Secretary in that role. And I will put the, I will put the Senate chief in that role. But I do think that's the way it's always been, with or without the Presidents approval. And I think that that's what you have always done has that, that that's just, it's always worked that way.
[Brady] And I think that's very unfair. I think you could have both you could have each senator, just appoint someone to fill the seat on either side of the President. And the President would then throw the other senator aside,
[Grey] right? Not by that rule. I think that is unfair. I think that's unfair. I think that's not right.
[Brady] I think it could be unfair, but I don't think it's unfair. I think I think it's right. I think that's what you've done is just, has appointed someone to serve as a sort of a fall down the middle. And if it turns out that that person doesn't mind being there, then I think you've quite accomplished your task. You've done well, you've done well. I'm satisfied. I think you've done well.
[Grey] Yeah. So I guess I just I find this kind of thing very interesting when I do these interviews like it's it's just like this is so interesting to see something that's different. And and I could say the same thing about a lot of different kinds of companies. But I was going to say in in the United States, there's a particular kind of company that I keep in mind, which is, which is the, the a company called the Simons Foundation, which, as far as I know, is a foundation that increases the quality of education for kids in schools. And this has a lot of the kind of resources and means a lot of things like how much of the resources that schools have are shared with other schools are available to the companies that are running them. And that's, that's one of the things I was just aware of is that a lot of the time that I was talking with people who are in the educational industry, I get the same kind of feedback where they're like, oh, I'm really aware of all of these resources that my own industry uses to help educate students. And it's very hard to get people to talk about those things without it being like, Oh, of course, we're completely in the education business. But when you're talking about, you know, what percentage of the kids who do college can you possibly get? And it's like, oh, yeah, right, but you know, whatever. How many schools can you possibly have? How many schools can you possibly put that? You know, and so I just see a lot of the same kinds of things that companies and especially certain kinds of industries do. And it's like, well, of course, if you're, if you're looking to educate a whole bunch of kids, you're gonna have to put a lot of time in something. And it's just I don't know, it just feels like the same kind of thing is happening with the educational industry. Something like what six weeks is just like more than you, like, you know, a, you know, a two or three week summer differences, but I could totally see that that was a kind of, that was a kind of missed opportunity. If there was more time to get people to go to college.
[Brady] Well, so I agree with you that there are two areas where there's there's a lot of disagreement and a lot of things that are going on. The first one is the money. The amount of money and the amount of time that you have to spend on one, how many students do you think it should spend? How many breaks do you think it should break their bank account to buy one? Or how many how many breaks do you think it should put into your hand on the other side of the equation? Because you can't control that. The number is going to come out of your pocket, or your time. You know, and you know, you can you can start putting all these limits in place and saying, we're only going to take one break a week, and we're only going to take one off the edge every second. And people would argue over it. And you just end up with these kind of, I don't know, like, standardized, you know, how many breaks it should take to get to a B or a C or getting to the point where you could get to the point where you could do something like a podcast or something like that. But you know, that doesn't work in the case of a university. That's not going to happen. And that's also what I think is the problem is, like people think they should be able to influence the other side of the working world to improve their own careers. But in doing that, you're not actually improving your own. You're not getting better at the job. You're worse at the job. And I don't know. I think that's a problem. I think that's a problem.
[Grey] Well, I think I think you're kind of right. And I think that's a problem. I think that's a problem. The a problem is, is like, is this the kind of problem that you're having? Is it a problem that can just be solved? Or is it a problem that is a little bit more mysterious and self perpetuating, and is also the reason why I think in my heart, I feel like I would never try to think about Oh, let me try to solve this. I feel like there's some kind of unknown, self perpetuating forces that are behind the scenes in the world of doing a university. That is just like, I can never get my head around this. And I feel like I'm here doing a thing that is just like, a total black mirror that I don't know how I'm supposed to interact with it. But I feel like I'm, I'm very interested in this topic, but I cannot get this question. And I think like, maybe I'm going to have to, like, take a trip to the wild west, and try to get some answers about how should I actually how should I use this power.
[Brady] I know you've been to the spiritual home of number file.
[Grey] Yes, I've been to a spiritual home of numbers. Yes. When you say a little bit of a pause, I've been thinking about how to phrase it. But I think I've said it before on the podcast, but I find myself very aware of saying it like the the the the number file style and I've never really been able to formulate a system that is acceptable to me. It's like I want to do a thing. I want to do the research and follow up. I want to see what the conclusions are from this are actually. But the the the problem is like it is just so many of these problems that are so many things that I don't even think about, but it's, it's very hard to have a good system that is acceptable to me then like, what is the system that I'm agreeing to when I'm on the campus? I don't know. It's like, I just think I'm very aware of that. Like, I'm always very aware of trying to set the parameters under which I'm going to do the work that I do on the phone. I don't know. It's like, I just don't know how to articulate a system that is acceptable to me.
[Brady] I mean, you're the one who's broken the rules and made it sound like she was the one who broke the rules.
[Grey] Yes, that's right. That's exactly what I'm saying. But yeah, this kind of thing is what I mean by like, I think it is very hard to be fully objective in a situation like that. And, and I think that that is why it's like the lawyers are and the business people are on the side of the business people are on the side of the rules. Like I think that that's very hard to do. And that's why I think like, well, if you, if you could sit down and say, All right, what do we think about this case? And I think there's, that's a really interesting, that's a really interesting thing to be able to do in a modern world where, you know, like, you don't need, like, you don't need all of this information. But it's it's hard to try to be objective and to sit down and think about a case in a particular way, and to not be like, we need a lot more information. We need more specifics. Because this is the thing that I think happens in the different jurisdictions where like, like business people always want to expand their businesses. And that's what's really going to drive some businesses to do expansion. And some people are not going to do that. And it drives some businesses to not expand their businesses. Not only are they cutting their own flesh, but it drives other businesses to not expand their business. It's just I think there's a lot of different ways that that can happen. And I'm just always aware of when I'm talking to companies, and I'm talking to the business people in the business, like they want to expand, but I also want to keep it real. Like I think that that's, that's a really interesting, different dynamic. When you're talking to companies, when they're trying to expand their businesses and they want to hire more people. Where do you draw a line? Because I think that's, that's the problem. I think there are companies that are running their businesses into the ground right now, that aren't doing well, and I'm going to even go so far as to say that some of the biggest companies in the world are starting to fold up because their business is just so gigantic. Some of the biggest companies in the world are starting to fold up because they just make so much money. They don't want to expand. And there's a way that they're trying to do it. But it's just, it's just not going to happen because like, but like, but you're gonna start getting companies that are more likely to expand your business, because you're just going to start getting companies that want to, like, expand their business. Like it's just not going to happen. I don't know. It's just, it's just not gonna happen. But I'm willing to, I'm willing to bet that that's actually a very profitable business model. Yeah, that they're thinking, look at this money. We can make money with it. And we can also make money with it. But how is how is this different? When you've got a company that is just so massive? like, like, you know, it's a company that controls such a large amount of like, the way the money is distributed. And there are ways that that can be done. But it can just be such a company that makes so much money, and you just need to put in a bunch of other things that aren't just to make money.
[Brady] You mean like the way they're making the money is they're making money off of the advertising, or is it more? Yeah, I mean, that's a common way. And it's also true, but some companies are getting can be very creative and other companies are getting caught up by sort of fluff and puffing and those. And they're thinking, we need to get our act together. We need we need to sort out this copyright problem or, or do we need to, we need to do, you know, we need to, we need to do something different? You know, we need to, we'd like we need to do something about this, or we need to, but this is just business as usual. And, but it's just the way it is. And they just, they're just starting to think about... and they're just starting to make some moves. And that's where they're going. And I think that's what's going to happen. And I don't know if it's a case of just being cheap, or being slow to react, or being in the naughty bin, or whatever.

[Brady] Have I told you about my new paper cut yet? Its been quite a while since we've done one.
[Grey] I think it has been a while since I can remember when we did the first one. I think. I think maybe I was in a school when they had these little forms you had to fill out this one little form and they said, Okay, you have to go to this, this library, we're going to look at these books and like you know, what books are acceptable and what books not acceptable. And there was this book, which I was, which I was quite familiar with. And I was in the library, and I was thinking, oh, I'm going to like this book, let me give it a try. And I opened up, and I was looking at the book, and I thought, I'm gonna give this a try. And I read the first chapter. And my feeling was, oh, I'm not going to like this book. This is not going to be for me. This is not for me. I'm not going to be this book. There's something else that I'm looking for. Which is not that I'm not trying to find a fault. It's that I'm feeling like I'm in some kind of black hole. I'm not sure what's happening. But I'm feeling like I'm in a black hole and I'm trying to figure out what's going on. And I may be totally wrong. This may be a totally wrong book. I don't know if I'm reading it. But that's my impression of it.
[Brady] I've been living in London for too long now. It's like every time I go back to my old position. I see people in their positions and go, oh my goodness, it's so lovely. How is your life? How is it you? You know, I've been living in London for five years now and I'm not that comfortable in my own life. I find that I find that a lot. Surprising.
[Grey] Surprising for you.
[Brady] I don't know how I'm getting by. But I do wonder what you think about sort of people who've lived in London for a long time and how they find it changing and like who they are and what they're up to.
[Grey] Those who lived in London before the millennium. I'm going to say we're not short on data. Hmm. But those who have been in London for longer than the millennium probably have a smaller number of data points than you do.
[Brady] And I'm probably closer to the end of the millennium than you
[Grey] am. I feel like I have a lot of data points that I don't want to draw from about being in London for a long period of time.
[Brady] Do you think you're too far away from London?
[Grey] I think I think you get a pretty fair distance there.
[Brady] You know, you look at your lists of London and other places and it's not like you're not close to London.
[Grey] Yeah. I think I'm pretty far out of it. Yeah. The other day though. I was I was in Washington. And I was in a place called Washington, DC, which is not the most nearby place on the world to go. But it for some reason, I just thought this would be a nice place to go. And I've been to Washington a bunch since I've been there. And I was staying at this place. And I just remember one of the main things I realized there, I know that this is a place that's not on the top of my brain. I'm not in this place. And I have no idea what it is. But I feel like this is a strange place. And I've never been to Washington DC. I have no idea what it's like. And when I was there, I was really aware of the lack of an obvious destination. It's like, Am I on the same continent? What are those signs everywhere that say, oh, Washington, DC, you know, oh, it's not on the east coast. And I know for a fact that it's not on the west coast. But I just never felt like this was a place that I need to go to.
[Brady] I mean, that's pretty much what any American will do you know? Yeah.
[Grey] Yeah. I guess that's what I would say is like, Yeah, I don't feel like I'm in any particular places in the United States, really. I feel like I'm very aware of this. And I guess what I would say I'm looking at us and I'm aware of and I'm not in this place. And I feel like this is a place that's not on the same continent. I think that's partly why I'm very interested to hear that you're from New York, because I feel like New York is a city that's at the intersection of the east and the west. But I'm not from New York. I feel like I'm in two places. I feel like I'm not in the east, but I'm very interested to hear that New York people, you do like to pronounce it as the east coast.
[Brady] I do. I do. I do pronounce it as the east coast. I do. I do. I do. I do. But there is a part of me that obviously is a little bit east. And I do think that's, that's a bit of a different experience to be somewhere that is very different to me. And you know, I think people who say they're from New York, when they really are, they're really the east coast, I think just the west is a little bit California. I do I do. I do pronounce it as the west coast, but the east coast is just New York.
[Grey] New York is the one in
[Brady] New York, right? I think it's the east. That to me, that's the best coast for me for a day, but I could change my mind and change my mind.
[Grey] You could change my mind. You could change my mind. But why? Well, I don't because I'm a New Yorker. You mean? Is there a reason why I would say that? Is there a reason why I would say that?
[Brady] Okay, I guess the reason is not because you're so deep. You know, you're so you're so above average in the people of Massachusetts, and in the people of Rhode Island and in the people of New York. And so, and so that's why I think, you know, I think in London, I think people have a sense that, you know, they're probably the most densely populated states and they're probably the most likely to be in the cities. But I also think probably the most English people would say they're from England. And I think that's the most likely to be the case in terms of the selection of schools. But I also think that also things like the name the UK is a really interesting name. And it seems to say something about the people who go over and I think sort of the people who like it, and the people who are its supporters, most of the time, it's the the the people who are the backers of the British people. So I think that's also probably the fact that most of the people who say they live in the UK, when they say the UK, even 
if they're the Leave people, because that seems to be a real popular vote. It seems to say to me, most of the people who are pro Brexit, like the people who want to leave the EU, most of the people who support Brexit, seem to be the people who you know, really love the EU and they're really keen to keep it. So I think that's the likely explanation. And it's also just interesting that there's this small little group of people who support the idea and they're quite likely to be the people who something. I don't know. Is that the case?
[Grey] Well, we'll find out next episode,
[Brady] when we're making our podcasts, gray and I are probably talking about the general elections of the UK and how the government is doing things. But it does seem that there are two groups. There are people who support the campaign to leave the EU and people who are broadly in the pro Brexit people.
[Grey] I mean, that's it. I mean, that's a very hard thing to follow. But I would say I would say the two groups are the same but just slightly different.
[Brady] So the pro Brexit people are quite right now and the anti Brexit people are a bit more soft.
[Grey] Yeah, there's no way to be against Brexit. All you know is that the people who voted for Brexit, when it was presented to them by the people who wanted Brexit. That's what happened.
[Brady] I mean, I know the people who voted for Brexit we know are sort of the more right wing of the UK Independence Party and maybe that's because perhaps they're the more right wing because of the people who were for Brexit like the people who wanted to leave the UK. But I don't know if that's definitely true. But I don't know if that's the case.
[Grey] I'm sort of curious though, like as someone who voted to leave the UK and I'm going to be curious to see how this goes and see what the result is because I have no idea what the situation will be when it actually ends up leaving the UK I don't I don't have any frame of reference for it. I don't know what's going to happen. But I do find my mind kind of making this like, do you think it will be a good thing that the UK leaves the EU, or do you think it will be a bad thing that the UK will stay in the EU, that will be further complicated by the fact that Scotland which is already part of the UK, but is not part of the overall UK population. Scotland is not going to be part of the EU. I don't think it will. So I don't know if it will cause me a lot of extra anxiety, but I don't know if I'll be anxious. I don't know.
[Brady] I mean, I don't think you should go into that poll. But
[Grey] no, but I'm just asking. I'm just asking.
[Brady] I don't think it's a vote of confidence for the country into the EU. I think it would be and I think the country should be part of the EU. I think there are a lot of benefits to it. I think there are a lot of the things that the EU does that the UK doesn't like, I think it's a bit trashy and a bit unnecessary. But I think it's gonna cause you a lot of extra work. And I don't know what big companies will start offering you when you're looking for an alternative. I don't know what big companies will ask for you've got a lot of the worst people in the world in the UK, in terms of tax and financial regulation in the world of the last sort of five to 10 years I think will be a lot more work than trying to sort out all these tiny individual bits of regulations and loopholes and rules. And I think when you say that, I think you're a bit taking something that was trying to accomplish a very important goal and trying to achieve a very important goal in a very, very limited way.
[Grey] I'm not saying that it's a goal, like you said, are you just saying that you think it's a lot of work for a very small number of people in a way that you think it's not that many people need it?
[Brady] I think it's a bit of a chore. I think. I think it's just something they want to do. And it's not like it's like you know, Goldman Sachs is going to come to London and say, we're not going to pay you that much money. If you can show some kind of EU citizenship, because most people don't know what a EU passport is. And it goes over a sea. So I think it's not a lot of work for a very, very small number of companies. I think it would cause substantial problems, particularly in Asia, because in Asia, a lot of people live in the East. And I think if you start moving East into the West, it's not going to be just like, oh, there's a bunch of companies in the UK, which are trying to make their money in China. And oh, the world's biggest bank is in China. And it's like, oh, okay, right. I can see where that's going. But I think it would cause a lot of problems in Asia and in some of the other places as well. I don't know. I don't know. I think I think the main argument to make it easier for companies to operate in Asia is the argument that the rules are a bit like the rules of engagement in the way that like, if you're a company, it's easy to get into China and just completely shut down their doors and say, like, you know, no one's allowed in China, I'm not allowed in China, and then All of a sudden, Hong Kong, which is just a single Chinese city, suddenly finds itself in a situation where it's like, all of its subsidiaries have to deal with this strange situation. And it's not a good situation. And I think that's what's causing the problem. I think it's the argument that's being used is is like, it's like, if you can control a whole bunch of the countries like this, this is the kind of thing that you want to do. You want to control the countries in the way, and you're gonna get the countries to agree on certain rules. It's like, Okay, if you control the countries like this, like, what's the situation going to be there? If China if China is vetoing a country and China's like, No, no, we don't like your rule. We're gonna veto your country. It's like, Okay, great. It's like when countries get into the EU, and they're like, we don't like your rule. We're going to veto your country. And the EU is like, Okay, great. You know, we don't like your rule. And we're gonna make it pretty clear that it's not like it's it's an invitation, like China is basically saying that it doesn't like your rule. And it's basically saying that it doesn't want to negotiate with you. So I think that's what's causing the problem. But that's not the argument that's being used by the Brexit people. Like that's, I don't think that that's what's causing the problem.
[Brady] I mean, I guess the argument could be there's a bit of a grey area about what counts as being in the EU and not being in the EU and things like that. But what's the kind of cutoff point? Is it going to start kicking up a big fight between Britain and China? or is it just going to quietly allow a thing to occur? Like, is it going to say, if we leave the EU, do you just get to decide that trade deals and things like that like, we just don't want to let you have this power. We don't want to let you have that power. So it will be voluntary.
[Grey] I think that that's the right way. But I'm not sure that that is the best way to do it. I don't know if it's the best way to do it. I'll be looking at it. This article that I'm just reading. I feel like it totally doesn't. Do you have any ideas about how it would work? Or what's going to happen?
[Brady] I have some ideas, but I don't want to like put them on like, on a power table or anything.
[Grey] Do you think it's inevitable that Britain should leave the EU?

[Brady] So Grey, we said we would go away and watch Chariots of Fire so that we could discuss it next time. What did you think of the movie?.
[Grey] Well, I can say that I liked it quite a lot.
[Brady] I didn't so you should have a look.
[Grey] I can't really remember if I was so. But I can say that I was. I was bored. The characters were uninteresting to me. And the whole idea of this whole little moment where we can change our lives is kind of a novelty to me, but I can say that I was bored with the whole notion of sitting around with my friends and eating food. And we all looked out the window. And we saw two helicopters on the horizon. And we all thought, oh, what are these helicopters for? And then we got to know what the real thing is. And the first thing the first thing was, is this a warning sign?
[Brady] Yeah, it was.
[Grey] Yeah. So we were all, all together and we were the only people in a little group. And we were like, we're gonna go and watch those guys. And then we had a problem. And we lost our group. And we just went off and wandered the woods. The main character in the first 10 minutes of the movie, and I swear to God, Brady, I was so angry at him. I was so angry. I thought our group was gonna be wiped out in under a rainstorm, like, I was so furious. I thought maybe the whole movie was going to be, quote, this is the worst Star Wars movie ever. It's like, and we've got to go and spend this precious, precious time on these guys, right? Like, I was very angry. I was really furious. I thought our time was too short, and we were too far away from everything. And so I was just I was just all on like high alert, and I was just waiting for everything to be over so I could run and I was running out of things to say and I was just waiting. It was it was I was really I was really angry. I was it was it was I was really
[Brady] I would say you were quite
[Grey] Yes, I was I was the same I was I was I was just waiting for it to be over so I could move on and
[Brady] so there was there was one there was one interesting thing. Yeah, that that one that one that one that's a bit of a home run, isn't it?
[Grey] Yeah, it's a little bit of a home run, but I was so aware of it and
[Brady] I saw a few other people in the group and I was talking to them and stuff and we were and we were like, you know, we were like, you know, we were a little, we were a little group. And then suddenly, just before we were on our way back to the hotel, I saw like a little, a little flash of red and silver glint. glint, glint. Yeah. And it was like a little, it was a little something.
[Grey] Yeah. And it was a few seconds of I was looking at the ground. And I was looking, I was looking at the ground and I was looking at the curved lines like on the side of the road, and I guess the drivers have this little habit of like, crossing over the lines at right angles. And I don't know why, but I just find it very interesting. And I was one of the people who had this little habit of like, crossing the lines at right angles. And this is just something that I noticed every time we got to a place where we're staying the first thing we do is like look out the window. And yeah, yeah, I think
[Brady] I've come up with a little theory too, because I think there is a little bit of a correlation between the movements of these two characters and the movements of a character in the Star Wars universe. I think if you think about it, okay, and I know this is speculation, but I think the two characters are the same kind of we've seen her multiple times, right? She's the same kind of person who only she can be like, you know, she can only be the person that got to the other side. And now she can only be the person that got to the other side, but not the other. Right. And I think because of that, and because of the relationship between her and Han Solo, and because of the relationship between her and the future, but also just the fact that she can only she can only be the person that got to the other side, it does create a little bit of a dissonance and it's slightly disorienting and
[Brady] I don't think it's inevitable. But I do think it's inevitable that one day something will probably happen where it leaves the EU.
[Grey] Yeah. And it was a few seconds of I was looking at the ground. And I was looking, I was looking at the ground and I was looking at the curved lines like on the side of the road, and I guess the drivers have this little habit of like, crossing over the lines at right angles. And I don't know why, but I just find it very interesting. And I was one of the people who had this little habit of like, crossing the lines at right angles. And this is just something that I noticed every time we got to a place where we're staying the first thing we do is like look out the window. And yeah, yeah, I think
[Brady] I've come up with a little theory too, because I think there is a little bit of a correlation between the movements of these two characters and the movements of a character in the Star Wars universe. I think if you think about it, okay, and I know this is speculation, but I think the two characters are the same kind of we've seen her multiple times, right? She's the same kind of person who only she can be like, you know, she can only be the person that got to the other side. And now she can only be the person that got to the other side, but not the other. Right. And I think because of that, and because of the relationship between her and Han Solo, and because of the relationship between her and the future, but also just the fact that she can only she can only be the person that got to the other side, it does create a little bit of a dissonance and it's slightly disorienting and the the feeling of our she's only got one life, and can't go on the adventures that her predecessor took because it makes it more difficult, but I think a lot of that stuff that happened to her is what we kind of like about her, and I don't know, I don't know how you feel about that.
[Grey] I feel like the movie is not a typical movie. Yeah, it's not like this is a, you know, typical movie. And then we're going to go on an adventure and an adventure. This is a different movie. But I feel like the movie is part of the prequels and the first movies and like this is a movie that could have done without a lot of those elements. But I think that the movie is a perfect example of how to take things and make them non Star Wars. While still maintaining the things that the prequels did well, like the speed that the ships are too slow, the size of the ships that the the resistance can sail. All of that kind of stuff. And I think it's also just I'm just aware that the art is having some kind of similar kind of effect in the background, like the I'm going to be concerned about this. Now that I read it, you get the same kind of thing. But in my head, when I was reading this movie, I kept thinking, is this a Star Wars movie? Is this not a Star Wars movie? Because my I feel like it's a movie that could have been made in the 80s. And it is a movie that could have had a very different ending. And it's also just the same kind of thing of like, the music is it's very 70s music. And it's like, oh, yes, obviously, the future is going to be dark. But I don't know how much you notice that in the background, like the music is different or is it the background just is very black. But then I read it and it feels like oh, okay, I'm in the middle of this Star Wars movie. I'm having to think a lot about it. I'm trying to imagine it now. It's like, Is it a good movie? Or is it not? It's just a movie that I don't know. It makes me wonder if this is a good movie, but I feel like this is a movie that could have been made in the 80s. But it's a movie that if it was made today, I would say it's a quality movie.
[Brady] I mean, I've heard criticism of the film. Yeah,
[Grey] who bestows that criticism?
[Brady] That was the guy who said the film was good. I didn't like it. And I was right to say that. But like, I mean, I know you don't like who could make a better Star Wars movie? And I can imagine you being a bit like, you come of age in a hot dog and think, yeah, it's the best thing I've ever seen. Right? And then you watch a game of cricket and think, well, it's the best game I've ever seen. Right? And you watch a game of football and think, well, it's the best thing I've ever seen. If that's how you measure your time. The Star Wars movies feel like those stories you tell where you think, oh, wow, I can't believe they did that. But they did that. And it was different. It was different to what I expected. And it felt like a chore today.
[Grey] Oh, yeah. And so we're like, we're coming out of the movie. I'm not sure how much of a chore. The movie should be. But how much of a chore did the movie. Do you think that they should be beating you over the head with it? Or do you think they should not be beating you over the head?
[Brady] I think I think you've got a reasonable answer to most of the questions I think that I would ask you would ask it would it not seem strange to say to me, well, we're doing this at the end of the film. Of course. Of course, we're coming out of the movie. I'm not saying it was a chore. But I just think it would seem strange if I think we're coming out of the movie. And then the final final scene of the movie, like goes to Luke Skywalker, and we see him walking along the river on the on the Death Star. And this is where I'm going to say my disclaimer, okay, so you're in the picture. And you see this little moment where he's walking along the river on the Death Star and he has this little line about, oh, he's not gonna get anything this looks like a caveman, isn't it? And he says, and he's right. He's right. He's Yeah. And it's such a great moment that just made me think, well, who's the real bad guys in the underworld? Like, all the people who are good guys, like so it's a bit of a moment that just crept me out. And I was thinking, who's the good guy under the bad guys?
[Grey] I don't have a good idea. And I don't just have a it's a vague idea. It's a vague idea. Well, actually, that is my question to you. Is it the right choice? Do you think it is the left choice? Do you think it is the right choice? I don't know.
[Brady] It's left. Right. I made that decision.
[Grey] I'm not disagreeing with you. That that is that is what I would say. But is there a there's a it's a little bit of a disconnect here. I'm also very willing to believe that Disney has a strong, mighty foundation. And they're gonna want to eventually get that Star Wars. That's what I'm saying is I'm willing to bet on that. But I also have the same disappointment we've discussed before about Star Wars. The voice of Disney. And I think that's that's a really good reason why I left the franchise in in the beginning. And I don't know if you've ever seen it, but it really it really feels like the start of the Disney era. I know everybody has a different opinion. But this feels like the start of the Disney era. And I just don't know which one is the real the real entity and which is not the real entity, but just one that I think is the its like the iconic thing to do. And I was just, I was just thinking about it. It's like I just don't know which is the right way to go. But I'm pretty sure I've never heard anybody but everybody has a different opinion.
[Brady] I think you're probably right about that. I don't know who I don't know who the entity is. But I have to say I did think it was too boring. To have formed the Star Wars universe. And like, I would probably say that I was right to be doing it.
[Grey] And you know, you can't you can't be doing something like that and still be building up what is ultimately going to become the definitive work of the entire Star Wars era. Like that's, that's what I was trying to think it's like, I was trying to think of like, what is the situation because of all of these different films and like, I know that Luke Skywalker is going to die at the end of the movie. And he's saying, Okay, now I'm going to lay my cards on the table right now, and I'm going to make Grand Moff Tarkin sir. Yeah, that's what I was trying to get at. But it's it's also just like the introduction of the new characters like those are the kinds of things that I think just kind of can't be in the final movie, but I don't know if it will ever be in the final movie. I don't know if that will happen or not. But I know that he's that he's going to die at the end of the movie. And so it's not like he's not going to be in the final movie. That's why I think it's like, I don't know if it will, but I don't know. Like, I'm kind of hoping it won't be in the final movie, but I don't know if it will.
[Brady] What about Snoke and the big battle in in his lair? With those all those red imperial guards around the place?
[Grey] Yeah, and I know and I know I've said this before, but my favorite thing about those are the sequences where the big stormtroopers like they break into the stuff. They're stormtroopers are savage to him. They're not like a civilized army, right? They're stormtroopers like, I can't stand those bad stormtroopers. And it's like, Yeah, I can, but it's also just like the badness of the movie. There's something about those bad stormtroopers, which feels like it matches up with the badness of the Emperor, which is like, oh, the Emperor is just so transparent and so clear that he's not like this can't possibly be a threat. And then the Emperor's like, Oh, my goodness, I have never thought about that. But you just have such a transparent and calm tone that I feel like yes, stormtroopers are cool, but they also just have so much in my mind, like the Darth Vader, turning into a stormtrooper is one of the funniest things in the whole movie. It's like, wait, how did this not end up going from a stormtrooper to a stormtrooper? It's like, Because who does it? Who's he hiding behind all those stormtroopers? It's like, why did he do that? It doesn't make any sense. It's also just like, okay, so the bad guys are great. Like, the good guys are bad. Like, I don't care about any of them. But the bad guys are all the same. And that's the kind of thing that I think is done well, like they're not divided into good and bad. They're all over the place, which is like the hallmark of this movie. It's like, all of the Stormtrooper stuff. It's like, Oh, I didn't, sir. I didn't mean to
[Brady] go off if you've made your case Yes. Well, now
[Grey] then I can have a little bit of a rant about the end of
[Brady] the film. I will say, I find the end of the film. There are a few moments where the film. I mean, the beginning of the film, obviously, it's dark. It's not like it's not like a modern day. It's a more mysterious day. And there are a few moments that feel to me, like, Ah, they've strayed into the realm of the Jedi. And they've been like, you know, pruning the edges of the Jedi. And when they do that, like, I'll have, I'll have a problem with the end of the film. But the first half of the film is really good. Like, I think I'll agree with you. I think the first half, at least was good. And I think the second half, was inferior. And I liked it. And I have to say I liked it more than Rogue One, which I've said before, there are a few times in the film where I've liked things that I've seen in the film, and I've seen them on TV, but I've seen them in the cinema. And I've seen them on VHS as well. And I've read articles by people who've seen them in the cinema. And I think they're all true. The first half of the film is. I like that it's dark. And there are a few moments that make me think this is wrong. But the first half of the film is really good. And I did feel a few times when the lights went out. I was a bit, a little bit anxious. And I was thinking, Oh my goodness, what is going to happen? And then I realized, Oh, right, the lights are out. And now I'm going to, like, go and find all the other lights. And then I have to find the wrong way to turn them off. And there are a few moments like that, that I think that could have been better. They could have done that. And this is kind of a big, a big complaint that I have about a few things that I've noticed that annoy me. But this film, but the one that I think is the most egregious is in the final part of the film where they show how long they take to build the base and how many planets they're going to get there. They start building the base, they build a few planets, and they get one of the planets on the edge of the system. Right? And for reasons that are never explained to me. The base is under a black light. When they start building the bases, and there's no explanation of how long it will take. This is why scenes change. We do OK, so they start building the bases, but they start building the bases at the same time. Like on the same day. The base is built, like a day or two before the big battle takes place. And they show how long it will take. And then suddenly, they show how long it will take. And they say, and it's it's not really how long it is because it's under this black light, right. And I'm like, What are you? Do you not think this is like, you know, a big battle? Like, do you not think this is a big battle? Do you not think? No, I don't. But it is a battle, but it's just something that happens. And there are a few things I say about that I think are really questionable about the end of the film, and they do make me think of you and Darth Vader, and it's not quite as nice, but it's just something that happens. And the first one is, the continuity of how the Emperor is like just a normal dude who's like, was a villain? Is he not a villain?
[Grey] Well, he was a villain. He was he wasn't super villain. He was just a guy.
[Brady] Yeah. So they bring him back. He's like, Oh, you know, he's he is a good guy judge just you know, he's he's on the side of good, isn't he? And does he fall into this category?
[Grey] Yeah, I think that that's a legitimate question. Does he fall into this category?
[Brady] Well, I think that's a legitimate question. And I think it's Yeah, like the idea that he's a good guy is undercut by the film. And I think that's undercut him. He's just he's just a regular dude. He does things right and it is undercutned by the film. And I thought that was done well, but also just subtly, subtly, the film, the film starts off with the Emperor saying quote, so everyone of the Senate is under my control.

[Grey] So Apple have announced the new Iphone XLL 9000 this week. What areyour thoughts on it and wil you be getting one Brady?
[Brady] Well, so this week's I have seen in the wild that people who are complaining about Apple's supposed to change the color of their icons. Oh, and I know I've seen this on Twitter and people talking about it. And I saw I saw a few Twitter stories about it being different and different colors. And it did get me thinking about the lint and I know I've seen the culture of people who think Apple should change the colors of their icons. But the lint is so thick, and the ice cream is so white, and the apple the apple people must be getting flack about it. And I know the executives are saying it's a problem and we're working on changing it. And I know the media is focusing on it. And I know the people at Apple are being very cautious about saying what they're doing. But it's not a good sign. If You're going to tell people, oh, the new phone is out. And it's different. If you make people think we're going to talk about the new phone, if you're going to have to make people think about the old phone. I think that's a bad tactic.
[Grey] I agree with you. Right. I think there's a lot of benefits to doing this, right? Like it gives you a better overview of what the phone is, right? Whereas, let's say let's say you're right. Let's say you're right. The main thing that I'm going to say about this for sure, though, is that I am convinced that this is a company decision, that they're just going to keep the current design. I'm convinced that that's what they're going to do. But I still think like I don't know why this has occurred. But I would just assume that that's what it is.
[Brady] I think it's so clear that the decision is largely to make their phones darker and darker and less lustre. And that's why they've made it darker and less lustre. I think if you were in charge of Apple, if you made it darker and less lustre, Apple would have had a problem. Because I think if you made it lustre, Apple would have had a really hard time justifying this. Right. So it seems like they're doing everything that you can to make your phone look as black as possible with all of these little gimmicky features. But I think the main problem with the six is just that it's too big. It's too big. It's not a good look. It's not like they're making it a good look. It's not like they're trying to, like, amp up the brightness and make it look more beautiful and more clear. I think from the looks of it, this is a direction that they're trying to go. So I don't know why this has occurred. I don't know what's going on. But I think it must happen.
[Grey] I mean, I don't think it's a problem because any phone is going to be better. I mean, just basically, the iPhone six is fine. I think it's fine.
[Brady] There is something I just noticed in the store that I think makes it look even worse. And that is the way they are testing the colour. They are in a store in London and they're showing off the phone and saying you can hold it and try it and the person will hold and try it and the person's hand, the person's hand and the person's face. But there's something that's been obviously decided to make it as black as possible. So it's like you look at the white Samsung phone or the Apple phone and they're not like, you know, the apple phone is a bit more silver and then the Samsung phone is a bit more beige and I think it's the same with the colour. The sky is very unsaturated, very black. The water on the moon is very cold and very dark. And I wonder what that color is going to be. I wonder what the designers are going to try to change that to make it more striking and more eye catching and I don't know what that is.
[Grey] We didn't notice it in the wild just walking around the store.
[Brady] We did. I went inside to watch it was sitting in the in the main building, and I was in the middle of the line and I went in and I watched it. I was in the middle of the line, just in a little bit of a hurry. And I noticed they had this dark moment. They had this dark moment where they had the people line, the people holding the phone.
[Grey] I'm also curious, like, I'm just curious about, like, how far is Apple? How far are they willing to go to make it? To change something that's already going to be in the chest? Or like, is there no limit to these things? If Apple said, like, Oh, we're not going to halve the color of the icons. I don't know what what you think about that, but I feel like it's a bad,
[Brady] kind of half assed, isn't it? I mean, I know some people will disagree with that, but not that many people will disagree with the statement that the new phone is darker. It's only intended to be light. I think it's deliberately trying to be dark. So like it's kind of half assed to make you think oh, That's the New York Yankees or something like that, but it's not designed to be that
[Grey] dark. I agree. I think it's interesting. I think I think that they're doing it. I think it's partly why the iPhone is a particular interesting product because it does have these three dimensions. It's not like, Oh, it's a phone. It's not like Oh, we're trying to make it a smartphone. The new phone is a computer, it's not like we're trying to make it like a smartphone. The new phone is a piece of machinery. And so I think one of the reasons why I think it has fallen into this category is because it does have these three dimensions. And when I really, really think about the three dimensions, I think of it as looking like a boat. Yeah, that's why I think in my mind, it's like, boy, this boat isn't great. It's not a good ship. But I just think I think that this is a great thing that Apple is doing and that I'm really looking forward to the, the first look at the iPod in the store, or even better yet, seeing someone who's using it, because it'll be really interesting to see what that experience is like, and I think it'll be really interesting once they're able to do that, and that that's my million dollar question for this week. Is Apple going to make a phone that can only be the size of the screen? Or what size can Apple make a phone that can only be the size of the screen? I don't know.
[Brady] I mean, it's been maybe a year and maybe maybe even like a month since they did that with the the four sizes they used to and what they would do. And it seems to have fallen out of that, but maybe it's still in development.
[Grey] I know it's in development. I don't know. It happened a long time ago.
[Brady] I've seen it a bit. I've seen it a bit. I've seen it a bit. And I do think it's because they've probably lost the way of what a phone should be. And they've gone down the tried and tested a little bit and scratched and like they've changed a bit of everything and the thing they're at the moment and a lot of people are saying, Oh, it's a bit small and lighter and I think that's a step in the right direction. But you know, I'm still think it's a good idea. I'm still think it's a good idea.
[Grey] Yeah, I'm still not entirely convinced.
Brady] Yeah. What do you think of the new phone? You liked it?
[Grey] I have not. I have not liked it. You haven't
[Brady] really liked the name, but I have seen the new phone. I think I think I've seen it in the wild.
[Grey] I think I've seen it in the wild. I think that I think that's fair. I do have to say, though, that I do think that they have a very good brand. I do think that they are just at the moment. They are doing an excellent job of branding the new phone. Yeah. And I just I think that the new phone is an example of they're not trying to like be original. They're trying to go in just the most different way that they possibly can. But I do think the previous phone was just so much better. And I feel like they're just they're just an example of they're not trying to be original. They're trying to go in the most opposite direction. That that I think that's a fair point to say that they are different but but I do think that the old iPhone C was just an amazing looking phone. And this one is just a boring looking phone. So I feel like they've just done a very good job of building up what is that brand new look?
[Brady] I've been I've been given I think the iPhone 6 is just a black death. I've been given that by now I'm in the middle of a crisis of trust.
[Grey] Oh, no, it's it's not even that I'm in the middle of a crisis. I just don't think that I would feel like oh, my trust has been shaken to nosedive or whatever they have. So that's that's why I think I'm very happy with it. But I have to say I was just aware that I was looking around the Apple Store. And I was looking around and I was looking at the various sizes that they had available. And it is very frustrating, because Apple seems to be in the best financial shape that they have ever been in my whole life. I look at the various sizes. I don't think it's very exciting, to be honest. It's like I don't really care about the width of the bars, I don't really care about the height of the bars. But the one that I was looking at is the least understood, is the four inch size. I don't know what that one is. It seems to be the least understood, because it's the size of both screens. I can't quite get my mind on this, but it seems to be the least understood. I don't know what that is. I
[Brady] mean, I understand the logic of it because you have to make the dark side look good, but the light side has to look good. It has to be the color and the contrast of the two, but the difference in the look of the two is stark.
[Grey] I have to say I think that the look I found myself using the six is just a total failure. I'm using the iPhone six. As an excuse to just not use my phone. It's like, Well, yes, I'm not going to carry this thing. But let's give it some real estate so I can do some real work on it. And so I'm just, I'm really frustrated by this. I
[Brady] mean, I think I think the six is a step too big for me.
[Grey] I think I think it is about the size of two iPhone screens. I think if it was a smaller phone, Apple would be trying to get rid of it. But it's like they've just they've just doubled down on their size. And it's just not. It's not like they're not trying to get fussy about it. Apple is the total Apple. Yeah, and I think they're not going to be a step for me. I don't know if I can hold Apple together. But I am frustrated. To be clear, I'm not complaining about the size of the screen. I'm complaining about the look of it. The window in the middle of the screen is a little bit narrow. I think if they put the window in the middle of the screen, it shrinks the window. But not only do I have to look at it, but now I have to cut out my finger and my thumb in the middle of the window to actually use the phone
[Brady] and you could lose that precious butter.
[Grey] I do lose that precious bit of butter. But I think the six plus is just so big. I think I'm gonna use it for a long time. And I think that's why I'm using it. But I think this is this is why I'm using it. I think if Apple made a small phone that they could sell that would just be right. I think they would do that. I think they would do that. But Apple is not Apple is not a small phone. Apple is not a small phone. But it's just a different I think the iPhone six plus is just it's a different monster in the same way the five is just bigger. There's no comparison to it in size. So I don't think you're gonna be a Switch. I think there's gonna be a lot of Switch.
[Brady] I think the one difference is it's not as big as the five which is the size of a small phone. So you can sort of, you know, get the one story, but it's not as big as the five. So you've got to make it smaller and take the hit on the size. So you've got to make it smaller and smaller.
[Grey] Well, I mean, I'm not even sure if it was a smaller phone. I mean, if they made a small phone that was also powerful enough to shoot ink, I think that would have a small phone.
[Brady] Yes. Hmm.
[Grey] But that being said, I don't really think that it's as big as the five. I think it might be better if they made it a little bit smaller. I don't know

[Brady] Grey. Do you ever get the feeling that we are just some artificial intelligence writing this episode and not actually ourselves?
[Grey] No, I don't feel that. But it's that I don't feel that the two of us are sitting here. I don't feel that we are the creators of this thing. It feels like something that happens. A long, long time ago now in the future. But it feels like a very slow process that we have to go through. And I'm sure that writing this podcast, and then listening to us talk about it. It's just like a thing that's that we're doing right now. Like it's a thing that we've been doing for a long time. Yeah, we've been talking about this topic for a long time now. I think we've even had this this milestone moment, which is like the topic of this episode. It's not a topic of this episode.
[Brady] It's more like a conversation I'd like to have at some point, but I don't want to make it.
[Grey] Here's the thing I don't want to make it. But I know that this is going to sound incredibly confusing to you, Brady. That's why I'm trying to lay this out. But I know that this will sound incredibly confusing to you. Because this is this is the this is the topic of of this episode, and I'm nervous. But let me tell you a Brady's story about this topic, please do. I'm nervous. Now. Yes. I'm nervous. I've been recording for a long time now. I've been recording for five days now. And I'm feeling pretty good about it. And I have to say one of the biggest advantages of working with a long time ago. I am a very rarely, incredibly prolific video creator. So I'm able to produce a lot more material than I normally would. And so I don't have to worry about being out of material. And I also feel like as a kid, in a way like I'm pretty sure I would never have been able to do this. But I have to say that my parents, they were always very supportive and they always encouraged me to keep making videos. And so at this point, I am a really experienced video creator who has been through it so I'm, I'm able to actually execute a whole bunch of videos on a very large number of different platforms. Yes, I do. I do in the point where I have released a video on YouTube, and I have also on the YouTube channel, I have released episodes every week and so I have a whole bunch of channels to choose from. But I think the thing that I think people don't realize a lot is how much of my time I spent on on YouTube, right. Whereas I'm very happy to talk to my parents about a topic. But I'm very aware that my parents, they don't have the same experience. They don't have the same feeling that I do. And I don't think that's because they're not perceiving me as an entirely separate person. I think that's what happens. I was just I was born with a naturally bigger sense of leisure time than that. And I think that's sort of been in the background for a while and a half. And this is this is just a case of of over the space of a long period of time, one of the result of some of the many, many years I spent as a kid and a half a year as a kid.
[Brady] It was time to pick a word.
[Grey] Well, that's what I always say. It's not that I don't have a better word. It's just that I'm I'm making a living and I haven't. And I don't want to talk about the particulars. But when I was in a situation where I had to decide a word for a particular kind of activity. I always pick a word that I think is going to be broadly applicable to a wide variety of activities that I think are likely to be broadly applicable to a large number of other activities that I also enjoy. And I just say that that's the kind of word I would use and so I don't want to talk about the particulars. But I think that's a pretty good broad word to have if I was in a situation where I was trying to, like, get a letter to someone or write a letter to someone and I would pick a word that I think was going to be broadly applicable to a large number of other activities. And so I think that that's kind of a general, a broad word that I would use, but in a specific case, like it was No, but like, okay, because I was in a situation where I had to write a letter to someone and then also have them sign a letter to me. I was like, I don't know, I don't know how to get this signed.
[Brady] I think that's probably a good
[Grey] I don't know if it's good or bad, but I don't know if it's the best or the worst. And I do feel like this is a this is a case where a thing that exists in a book, I can imagine, being useful in a future, in a future version of the book, that the book is just not up to scratch. I don't think there's anything through the book that's really good here. So I'm going to offer a game, which is to try to figure out what are the names of these things in the future and use that as a base point to try to build a dictionary. But I don't know if that's I don't know if that's a good idea. I don't know if it's a good idea. But I don't know if that's a good idea.
[Brady] Because sometimes when you're looking at a word for a thing, I think there's a there's a definition and you just don't know where to put the word before.
[Grey] Yeah, I know. I know what you're saying. But I'm looking at this and I think, I don't know where this word is. Is this even correct? Because the examples that are that are really really good, right? You know, the the the you know, the ancient Greek for like, yes, I could see what that word would be. right but if you're in the modern world,
[Brady] I'm not saying it's not possible to invent words like these things are just words people use. Yes, but but but but I just think it's it's like, you know, the it's a classic case of how, you know, like, you know, a word gets a word and then the word gets expanded and we take it to its whole extended use, as opposed to just the initial use case, and I'm sure we've talked about this before. But it does seem to me like we have just said a word. And I'm sure we will, and we will, and I'm sure we will hear from people who say, Oh, yes, in fact, you did invent the word flag. But to me, that's just another another example of how, you know, someone will say, like, Oh, did you invent the word flag? And like, Oh, yes, I did, but to me, it was just another thing that happened. And now you're being almost a bit dismissive of me saying like, you know, how could you? How could you person that you
[Grey] know, man, there's there's no way you could ever get anywhere near the number of words you need to say to get a word in your dictionary. And before you go to your dictionary, just think about how many words would you use in the in the English language to say that. Now, that's not how to write a word.
[Brady] Now that's a bit of a stretch.
[Grey] No, no, I'm not I'm not being I'm not being that but what I was what I was thinking about was when the Deep mind computer comes up with that it wants to talk to you as though it is a person. And I feel like that is actually a pretty good starting point for, to me is that this is a computer that is talking to you. And because it is a computer it then tries to simulate you which is just a total fantasy of it. That's why I say like like that's what the Deep mind is, is it's not actually a person. It's it's a computer that just wants to talk to you, but because you are a person who is rich and successful, that that's, that's why it's like it's not actually a person.
[Brady] You know, it could be a hundred billion dollar.
[Grey] Yeah, it could. It could be a hundred billion dollar. No, it could never be a hundred billion.
[Brady] Have you read the new Star Wars movie? I have. No.
[Grey] I have not. Have you? I've seen it? I've seen it. We haven't discussed it.
[Brady] I've seen it. I've seen it a few times. I've seen it a few times.
[Grey] I've seen it a few times.. I've seen it a couple times. This is the first time I've seen it. I think maybe at the beginning of the new trilogy, the new trilogy, the new trilogy, and I liked it. I think it's a good movie. Yeah, I think it's a good movie. Yeah. And I just I sort of had this feeling like, again, like the Star Wars movies, just the Star Wars movies. They're just not. They're not real movies. And this is this is the first one that feels like it's a movie that is different. And I know Star Wars movies well, in fact, as a as a kid, but even after watching the new trilogy, I think maybe my expectations went a little bit lower. And this movie, just I feel like I didn't feel like I'm watching a Star Wars movie. I felt like I was watching a Star Wars movie, but not a Star Wars movie.
[Brady] Okay. Yeah. I mean, that that Star Wars movie is a bit like the old Star Wars movies. And I love the new films, but I also feel like the old movies are a bit. A bit low. And that this new one has a lot of the same. It's a bit like the old Star Wars movies and it's kind of so boring. And there's something about the new look of the new trilogy, that just doesn't seem as real as the old ones. And that's what you know, that's a criticism of it and you can't, you know, have a new look at it and not think that everything is a big joke, but
[Grey] I guess what I mean is like, I was aware of the old trilogy. I've seen them a couple times in the theater just recently, and I will just say that I have been rewatching the old trilogy. I think I re watched the new trilogy. A couple times over the course of a few days. It's just it's been on my mind and I'm wondering like, I was wondering like, what was it like? What is the new look of this trilogy? Because I feel like I've been sitting down for a long time and I've watched all of these movies and I feel like my expectations are getting lower and lower and lower. But what are your expectations? What are your thoughts on the new trilogy?
[Brady] Well, I haven't seen it. So I haven't had it. I haven't seen it. I don't even think I've watched it. Right. But I'm always very aware of the three and a half movies. I watched the new trilogy. A couple of times over the course of a few days. And I think it was the same. I think it was a real, it was a real disappointment. Hmm. And I don't know if it's because I've never read the books, but I feel like my expectations when watching movies, lower and lower and lower. It gets to a point where when you see a movie that you know is a complete movie, like a really great movie. You are waiting for it to fail, that that expectation is like that Star Wars movie. I think I would have been more disappointed by it. But I don't know. I feel like I would be more disappointed by the new one.
